the starry currant
for his appearance
transversely
and its cut to 0 feels it euros from
taiping
pil both acids originating in the south of
asia is a shrub of the family of
finances
and currently cultivated in different
tropical regions of asia polynesia and
from America
reaches about 6 meters in height
its extensive and thick glass
the leaves are alternate and oval
and oval with frost measure 8 x 4
centimeters
presents inflorescence in clusters
with films of 5 to 12.5 centimeters of
length
your flowers
They are green white or pink or reddish
they produce numerous fruits
which are groups of up to one centimeter of
diameter
as we see here
pale yellowish green or
white with crunchy waxy pulpy lame
juicy and very acid
each fruit has only one seed
the fruit is edible can be consumed
cool but it's often used to
Make sweet preserves jams or
drinks but it is custom in ecuador '
consume it with salt when it is still green
It is also used as food for
the birds the plant is similar to
ornamental because it can also
produce shade
its leaves and can also the birds
make their nests in their branches
well in this way we are knowing the
red currant steak the fourth meat me
we use it
to prepare a delicious video
this wine that starts fermenting
for three months
we put sugar and it is a sweet wine
but if we want it already a wine
with a little alcohol we add what
what you need to do in that way
we can consume it according to
to the person as you like
in the guilt
the pulp of this fruit is composed
for a 90 and 1.7 percent water is
saying this plant is very good because
contains more water your
fruit
has 6.4 of carbohydrates 0.7 per
protein percent
0.6 percent of fibers
0.5 of ashes
and every 100 grams contains 23 milligrams
of phosphorus 5 milligrams of calcium 4
milligrams 0.4 milligrams of iron 0.01
milligrams of thiamine 0.05 of
riboflavin and 8 milligrams of vitamin c
the pil before acid was described by
schools and published in the department
of agriculture of the industrial plant
from vuletich
in 1909
as we see on this day we have learned to
about the starry currant
which is very beneficial also for the
health was delicious because also
we know eat
with salt and it is very desired for
guys and girls from the institutions
educational for its flavor
this has been all for today we will learn
again of some exotic fruits
other strange and the course of
our
Auditions